docs: Nginx sample config + note about client API key/auth string precedence (#17810)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/develop/settings-and-profiles.mdx

With these settings, the UI will prompt for the full authentication string `"admin:pass"` (no quotes) upon first load. It is recommended to store this information in a secure way, such as a Kubernetes Secret or in a private `.env` file.

> If both Prefect API key and Prefect API authentication string are set on the client, Prefect API key will be used. If you plan to use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `PREFECT_API_KEY` and `PREFECT_API_AUTH_STRING` are set on the client, `PREFECT_API_KEY` will take precedence. If you plan to use a
```

Reviewer: that's true! i wouldn't say it's wrong as is, just the vast majority use env vars

> self-hosted Prefect server, you may want to make sure a Prefect API key is not set in your Prefect profile or as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
self-hosted Prefect server, you may want to make sure `PREFECT_API_KEY` is not set in your active profile or as
```
